refactor: Skills and agent moved to deprecated (#1040)
deepmipt/DeepPavlov: README.md

## Breaking Changes

**Breaking changes in version 0.7.0**
- server logs formatting was changed at [REST API](http://docs.deeppavlov.ai/en/0.7.0/integrations/rest_api.html),
  [Yandex Alice](http://docs.deeppavlov.ai/en/0.7.0/integrations/yandex_alice.html),
  [Amazon Alexa](http://docs.deeppavlov.ai/en/0.7.0/integrations/amazon_alexa.html) and
  [Microsoft Bot Framework](http://docs.deeppavlov.ai/en/0.7.0/integrations/ms_bot.html) integrations
- in dialog logger config file `dialog_logger_config.json` `agent_name` parameter was renamed to `logger_name`,
  the default value was changed
- [agent](http://docs.deeppavlov.ai/en/0.6.0/apiref/core/agent.html),
  [skill](http://docs.deeppavlov.ai/en/0.6.0/apiref/core/skill.html), 
  [eCommerce Bot](http://docs.deeppavlov.ai/en/0.6.0/features/skills/ecommerce.html), 

>   [Pattern Matching](http://docs.deeppavlov.ai/en/0.6.0/features/skills/pattern_matching.html) moved to `deeppavlov.deprecated`

Reviewer: Maybe just list `Agent, Skill, eCommerce Bot and Pattern Matching classes were moved to [deeppavlov.deprecated](deeppavlov/deprecated/)`? Or something like that

>   [Pattern Matching](http://docs.deeppavlov.ai/en/0.6.0/features/skills/pattern_matching.html) moved to `deeppavlov.deprecated`

Author: ```suggestion
Agent, Skill, eCommerce Bot and Pattern Matching classes were moved to [deeppavlov.deprecated](deeppavlov/deprecated/)
```

- [AIML Skill](http://docs.deeppavlov.ai/en/0.7.0/features/skills/aiml_skill.html),
  [RASA Skill](http://docs.deeppavlov.ai/en/0.7.0/features/skills/rasa_skill.html),
  [Yandex Alice](http://docs.deeppavlov.ai/en/0.7.0/integrations/yandex_alice.html),
  [Amazon Alexa](http://docs.deeppavlov.ai/en/0.7.0/integrations/amazon_alexa.html),
  [Microsoft Bot Framework](http://docs.deeppavlov.ai/en/0.7.0/integrations/ms_bot.html) and
  [Telegram integration](http://docs.deeppavlov.ai/en/0.7.0/integrations/telegram.html) interfaces were changed

> - `/start` and `/help` Telegram messages were moved from `models_info.json` to `connector_config.json` file

Reviewer: Can we link the file(s)?

> - `/start` and `/help` Telegram messages were moved from `models_info.json` to `connector_config.json` file

Author: ```suggestion
- `/start` and `/help` Telegram messages were moved from `models_info.json` to [connector_config.json](/deeppavlov/utils/settings/connector_config.json)
```
